Flagfeature (#1237)
salesforcecli/plugin-org: messages/create.sandbox.md

The name must be a unique alphanumeric string (10 or fewer characters) to identify the sandbox. You can’t reuse a name while a sandbox is in the process of being deleted.

# flags.source-sandbox-name.summary

Name of the sandbox org to clone.

# flags.source-sandbox-name.description

The value of --source-sandbox-name must be an existing sandbox. The existing sandbox, and the new sandbox specified with the --name flag, must both be associated with the production org (--target-org) that contains the sandbox licenses.

> You can specify either --source-sandbox-name or --source-id for clone an existing sandbox but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify either --source-sandbox-name or --source-id when cloning an existing sandbox, but not both.
```

# flags.source-id.summary

ID of the sandbox org to clone.

# flags.source-id.description

The value of --source-id must be an existing sandbox. The existing sandbox, and the new sandbox specified with the --name flag, must both be associated with the production org (--target-org) that contains the sandbox licenses.

> You can specify either --source-sandbox-name or --source-id for clone an existing sandbox but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify either --source-sandbox-name or --source-id when cloning an existing sandbox, but not both.
```

The poll interval (%d seconds) can't be larger that wait (%d in seconds)

# error.noCloneSourceName

> Could not find the clone sandbox name "%s" in the target org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couldn't find the clone sandbox name "%s" in the target org.
```

# error.noCloneSourceId

> Could not find the clone sandbox id "%s" in the target org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couldn't find the clone sandbox ID "%s" in the target org.
```

# error.cloneFlagsConflict

> You can not use clone Name or Id flags and clone Name or Id fields in the definition file at the same time.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what this error message means.  Can you elaborate?  Thanks!

Reviewer: Based on our DMs, it _sounds_ like this error occurs if users try to use `--source-sandbox-name` AND `--definition-file` AND the definition file contains `SourceSandboxName`.  Ditto for the ID equivalents.  And I guess this isn't allowed?  If this is indeed the situation, here's my edit of the error:

> You can't specify both the --source-sandbox-name and --definition-file flags, and also include the "SourceSandboxName" option in the definition file.  Same with the --source-id flag and "SourceId" option.  Pick one method of cloning a sandbox and try again.
